alright let's take a look at dub juniors
career stats 9100 passing yards one
hundred and seven touchdowns 56 pics dub
that is way higher than dub seniors
you've got to get that under control two
seasons 1200 yards on the ground on 13
tds dub junior top of the heisman watch
list at the beginning of the season
let's hope amen we'll see if he can get
another one see if you can go back to
back with the Heisman and where's
Virginia gonna fall on the top 25 do we
make it yes number 14 season 3 dub
junior let's go what's up ladies and
gents is idaho tub with another NCAA
road to glory video it's been a while
since i put one of these up i put up a
bunch of the bowl videos but now the
college football season is over and it's
time for dub junior to get back and
start his junior season of his Road to
Glory coming off the Orange Bowl loss it
was disappointing but you know what we
won the heisman some good things happen
last year and it's it's I think it's
dubbed junior year I think we're going
to go back to back for the Heisman and i
think i think w is gonna get to the nati
that's the goal and if you saw the
interceptions at the beginning of the
video the goal is also not to throw so
many freaking pics oh my gosh fifty six
interceptions that's insane that is
insane for two seasons we definitely
need to tone that down all right dub
junior it looks like we started the game
off with a safety by the way we're
taking on UCLA if you can't read up two
nothing already started off with a
safety I'll take you i'll take any
points i can get dub junior on the
ground taking a shot alright second of
five looks like the line still sucks
that's awesome third and 11 oh and it's
gucci gucci is starting this year the
number one receiver and we're going to
hit him again it's the Gooch mysore why
not all day every day alright doves
union rolling to the right hits the
running back Williams alright nice crab
nice grab second and two dumb
there we go first down moving the chains
dove jr. doing some work in the
offseason all right all right Oh taking
a sack second and goal tub junior
dropping back looking for anything not
gonna happen dub junior trying to get it
done on the ground dropping back and
it's it's it's Gucci mom man gucci
finally starting that was one of the
toughest things about getting the ball
last couple seasons as I couldn't ever
friggin throw to him cuz he was hardly
in the game oh man its coochies its
beauty its coochie again you've got to
be kidding me oh my gosh back to back so
quick why not why not try to third time
Gucci his first his debut as a starter
and he's just he's making an impact
right out the bat he's letting the
coaches know he should have been
starting the whole time dubs favorite
target man mam-mams miles Gooch 16
nothing we are just rickrolling I'm
already all right second and eight let's
not get too cocky I've seen some people
come back before oh there we go he's
keep running and running and running run
in and touchdown Hamilton mom man all
right all right 23 nothing three minutes
left in the second half the Virginia
Cavs doing work and it's Gucci again is
he gonna go to the 10 oh he is in its
beauty its beauty chuchi in their end
zone oh my gosh gucci is killing it
today three touchdowns already you have
got to be joshing me man all right
second of four deep in our own end zone
throwing it up deep oh no way Gucci
comes down with it he's gonna break
another one Gucci
oh my gosh miles Gooch with one two
three four touchdowns already Gucci
having himself a freaking career day
miles Gooch if you need them 17 him and
dub jr. putting some work in in the
offseason or something man dub five
touchdowns no interceptions man that's
how you start a season off this is how
you start a season off just like that 37
nothing in the first half looking deep
and he's got a step and why not why not
give him a fit touchdown Gucci its
beauty DG is Gucci all day five
touchdowns whoo new school record gucci
is killing it just killing it right now
all right dub sheds a tackle first and
ten just throws it away smart move 43
nothing in my gosh what a beat-down this
is and there's Gucci again this dude is
everywhere today new n-c-double-a or a
score so school receiving yards in a
game he's breaking records left and
right it's only game one of the season
man gucci it's all about him he might
win the heisman oh when he takes his
shot but he still holds on all right
first and ten throwing it again Gucci
dude UCLA you might want to cover him
because I am doing nothing but throwing
to him pump fake dub runs for yard
pickup on the ground not a problem
second is six dubs scan in the field
looking for 17 all right third and eight
I think the coach is about to yank me in
a second get the first haha fourth and
tools go for it let's go for it do that
hurry up often Gucci Oh McCrae picks me
then yeah pretty much flawless game and
that's gonna do it the coaches pulled me
we had to simulate the rest of the game
final score 53 214 the Cavs
whoo what a big day the play of the game
look at this catch look at this grab
miles goochie goochie goochie Anya five
freaking touchdowns miles Gooch you've
got to be kidding me man just killing it
dub jr. was pretty much perfect until
the end when that garbage interception
shouldn't have thrown it should I kick
the field goal not a bad start to the
season though I think we're gonna have a
pretty good season I think we can make a
legitimate run at the nati this year I'm
more focused of juniors dialed in I got
my main man gucci look at that 326 in
the air and five touchdowns oh my gosh
what a day but that's gonna do what I
want to thank you for watching I hope
you enjoyed it and we'll see you next
time
you